hey there everybody it's mark riley i'm
back with another how to draw video
today we're gonna be drawing hands i'm
lying for you I don't know how to draw
hands I'm sorry you know drawing hands
is very difficult okay okay I'm lying
for you I know how to draw hands I'm
sorry but I'm mark relly draw it is easy
for our corellians i'm going to start
drawing hands but i'm gonna do this all
in time-lapse because let's face it
alright no you don't draw so let's go
ahead and do that and i will be right
back okay let's face it there is nothing
more boring than watching a time lapse
so here we go we have this you know it's
not a perfect square i think it's maybe
a little wider now notice how short
Pinkie Pie really is compared to the
other ones and of course we all know the
kinky type is a little sort of flooring
in general now I noticed that a lot of
artists will exaggerate quite a bit the
eyeballs they really want it to be very
clear that we have eyeballs we artists
anyway let's go ahead and move on to
this next one I'm going to draw a hand
holding a pen again I'm going to start
with a sort of time lapse because you
don't dry and I will be right back
you're right this is boring there you go
JD 25 million this place
we call this Car'das over oil drum and
we are almost done with this back yeah
see you see what I did there I thought
it'd be kind of funny to show one hand
drawing another hand it's like inception
is hand deception a hand drawing a hand
drawing a hand drawing a hand now this
one's going to draw another hand drawing
a hand drawing a hand drawing a hand it
doesn't quite work does it I don't know
but we'll see if I can fix this when I
go in and do the darker line work hand
section ahead drawing a hand drawing and
all right well there you have it my
video showing a hand drying the hand
drawing a hand dry hand let's go ahead
and lay the pencil down I want to thank
you all for watching this video I hope
you found it useful and I will be back
with another one real soon I want to
thank Mark Crilley
and I want to thank you all for watching